what's going on guys
welcome back for another show today I'm
going to show you a science fiction film
the rough draft Kirill is a talent
designing computer games
one day he wakes up from a coma finding
himself detained in a police car from
that he sees a girl escorted to the
ambulance which reminds him of the
unbelievable story happened last night
Kirill dressed himself up in a doll
trying to please his girl alsa as a
birthday surprise but it ends up Carell
mistook her exact birthday it
disappointed also badly and gave her an
excuse to say breakup to him under the
depression Kirill went back to his
company to his surprise all his
colleagues are cheering for his big
success in designing a new game all of a
sudden he became a superstar in that
company but happy story never lasts long
when he reached his home as usual he
just found a female stranger living
inside and claiming it as her house
instead they soon resorted the dispute
to the police Kirill could not believe
the lady Rana can even show police the
documents indicating that she is the
exact house owner to be worse the lovely
doggie which is supposed to be his own
could not recognize its real owner
either out of question Ferrell was
kicked out of the house immediately the
next day with all documents in hand and
the help from his friend koti Kirill
went further to prove his identity
before the local government to his
surprise all proofs he presented only
conclude that the house belongs to Rana
his personal information has all been
erased from the files without his
identity the house and money Ferrell has
to go back to the company he worked for
and asks his boss for the bonus from the
game but it turns out nobody in that
company even knows him since there's no
way out Kirill tries to contact his
parents but shocked again by the fact
told by his so-called parents that they
did not bear any kid ever
still being confused and desperate
Carell chooses to go back to his former
house and want to challenge the current
owner Rana to tell him the truth but
rather Rana kills herself on purpose
shocked by the accident kirill won a
rush out for the ambulance but he was
soon hit into coma by a man coming
inside later kirill wakes up and finds
himself detained in the police car he is
shocked again by the following scenario
that the police just set him free for a
misdemeanor rather than a murder he's
soon to follow the navigator to
abandoned lighthouse and take a nap
there after he wakes up the next morning
he sees everything has been totally
changed Rana who is supposed to be dead
even walks inside and tells him the
shocking truth that the world they are
now standing as just one of the parallel
worlds in the universe he happened to
open the gate to a new world by
designing his game program he is now
chosen as a customs officer to keep
guard of the game world kirill brings
cody to the game world and meets his
former girlfriend also who won a head
for another world but also can't
recognize kirill this time so Kirill and
Kody have to follow also to a restaurant
where they are attacked by the doll
robots robots keeps their attack but
later stop and leave for unknown reason
next grille finds a seemingly dead
victim who cures herself by use of water
only at that time kirill gets to know
that water is the important cure through
the customs officers in these parallel
worlds kirill learns that she has
accepted to be customs officer for more
than a hundred years and can stay
immortal as a customs officer the real
mission for a customs officer is to find
out the gate to other parallel worlds
the next day gril wakes up and gets the
beautiful view which he wished to enjoy
with his girl also he realizes that this
is the second parallel world he's found
at the same time Rana shows up with the
committee to check his new world they
have to supervise Kirill's mission
tightly by electronic control device
which will limit his activity scope
within 15 kilometers kirill plans to
visit again his parents house that's a
little bit close to his activity limit
he falls down due to dehydration but
finally he manages to reach his parents
home bad thing is that his parents still
can't recognize their son that night
also comes and see the new world Kirill
has just found also enjoys it so much in
this way Kirill approaches closer to
also and makes also feel that she might
have known Kirill in the past naturally
they become the lover again later in a
party
Kirill learns from a fellow guy that
nobody has yet by far opened the gate to
the belter world at the same time also
is told by Rana she can't stay lover
with Carrell because Kirill is immortal
also leaves the party disappointedly but
his kidnapped ironic that night Kirill
is visited by the committee he gets the
new mission to find out the gate to the
belter world where it said there's no
war in disease it is the source of all
parallel worlds they hope to learn the
experience from the Beltone world and
bring peace to all others pearl promises
to do his best but he turns to worry
about also safety so he plans to pay a
visit to AUSA's home which locates far
beyond his activity limit so he's
contained down badly in a day that
follows he wakes up and notices a
shining beam outdoors he follows the
beam and it opens up to a miserable
world where in a factory he meets a
female customs officer bossing around
the miserable people among them Kirill
finds out the dying also trying to save
also out of the miserable world Kirill
stirs the crowd up to surround the
female officer she soon figures out the
trick and tries to stop corals escape
she was delayed by the angry crowd which
gives a chance to Kirill to bring also
back to the game world while Kirill is
busy with taking care of also his friend
Cody representing the customs committee
this time comes to punish Carell for his
violation against the rules Kirill is
confined to activities scope of 50
metres however in order to give also the
best view Kirill struggles hard against
the limit and brings also to her
favorite Beach right at that time alsa
happens to tear down the control device
on Kirill setting him free totally in
the next morning Ferrell kis pies also
posed downstairs and opens the gate to a
new world which is the exact belt of
world from the customs officer there
Kirill knows that the belt of world is
still in its year 1941 but it is far
more advanced than any other parallel
world's only because the belt Oh world
creates other parallels and sets those
worlds run dozens of years ahead of the
belt or world this way the belt a world
can learn the lessons from those
parallel worlds and avoid the wars and
disasters while figuring out all other
parallel worlds are just the laboratory
of belt or world Corel feels badly and
want to leave however he is stoked and
attacked by robots because the belt Oh
world would not allow anybody to leave
with secrets luckily Kirill jumps into
water and escapes through a sewer pipe
he finally rips off the concrete walls
and finds the way back to his game world
but while Kirill is curing himself with
water Rana shows up and tell him that
also has been taken away by the
committee during the fierce fight Kirill
seats that chance to kill Rana leading
to a total collapse of the game world
thanks for the death of Rana Kirill's
parents become to know their son but
Kirill is soon told that the collapse of
game world leads to blockage of the
channel to parallel worlds he has to
rebuild the channel and save also left
another world the two set out for their
new journey immediately but they never
know covered under the debris Rana is
recovered by water sprayed by the city
firefighters
this is Daniel CC movie review channel
see you next time with more movies bye